My favourite breakfast is always having bread with eggs, as it is easier to make. Just break down 2 eggs, add some salt and pepper to it, stir and put it in a microwave. While that’s happening, I also put 2 bread slices in the toaster. After both are done, add some ranch & chipotle ranch and sandwich the eggs b/w the bread. We are done :)
I try to wake up early. And I will get up early, only if I don’t hit the snooze like 10 times. If hungry, eat breakfast, while going through the notifications, while simultaneously catching up all the new AI stuff. Go to class, if I have one that day. Else try some new code or model that I find online, most though my youtube recommendations.
Check at what time the event is at. If it’s a casual event, no preparation is needed. Else, if it’s something like an interview or career fair, make sure to put that on my calenders and put some remainders for that event date and time, as well as the previous day. So that i don’t forget. Go through the prep and rehearse in my mind of how the event would be.
I only setup someone else’s phone, only if they are elderly. If it’s a family member, i’d use my shared email to get the location and everything in case it’s lost. If it’s someone else’s phone, I will ask for their email. If they don’t have one I will create one and send those credentials someone they know. Unbox the phone and go through everything. And give them the finished device. 
If it’s some important event or meeting. And I know that someone is waiting for me. Just inform them that I’ll be this mins minutes late. And not worry and frustrated the person on the other end. That’s all. Everything is fine if we do this.
Depends on the day and mood of the moment. I am hesitant to arrange my desk if I surely know that someone will play or mess with it. Else, it’s my desk that I need to make it distraction free and lively.
Check your bank balance first. Then if it’s doable, check your friends’ bank balance. If everything seems good, pick dates when most of our friends are free. And convince the others who aren’t to join us anyhow. Nu saying that the others will take care of all other arrangements. And they ‘ll just need to join us.
Previously, I used to read it online, by just googling it. But Now a days, I got used to the video formats, as it’s much easier to consume media and knowledge, while on the go or while walking, With our headphones on all the time these days, this is what I rely on mostly.
Plan with him when you both will wake up and we can start from that time. As mostly, they’ll be tired from all the packing. Rent the cheapest uHauls, help them push as much as u can to make less trips. Be extra careful to pack the fragile items carefully. Make sure nothing is left behind. 
I just pick my pants first to suit the weather. And based on the type of pants and their color, I then choose among the various colors that suits. Picking the pants first makes it easier as we generally wear pants (like jeans) many times unlike the shirts. 
Go Crazy, I guess. With all the data and work habbits switched to cloud, this is would be an insane case. Looking up the weather on google is what i start my day with.U can imagine what else, lol.
If I am stuck in an elevator, I’ll try to ring the emergency button on the elevator, if it’s not working, check for cell reception. And call numbers displayed on the elevator. Check if the others are doing well, as some are claustrophobic. 
Definitely, into the future. To see the all the flying cars and robo taxies. Sorry for thinking my scifi and techno mind out loud. But I want to see what the future holds for us. And maybe check upon my future self, if it’s possible. If we don’t get too much into the grandfather paradox.
Automated Lights, not so many cameras for privacy. But ensure security. Talk to devices like Alexa or Google Nest wherever in the house, so that i don’t need to have a device on me at all times. Greenhouse with temperature regulation. Happy birds in the garden, and overall a peace life.
My brother got up early and thought that the weather was moosy and sun hasn’t come up yet and packed the bags for school. But it’s actually 8PM instead, not the 8AM. He thought that the school is closed when he realized that i was not getting ready for school. He needed a lot of explanations.
A friend, especially who doesn’t even think alike or right, not even once. Switch with the person.
Going offline for 2-3 days, and into the nature is  pretty cool. But definitely with someone around. Make the place around the cabin great for astethics as well as for safely. U don’f know what insects or animals may come during the nights.
Uh umm, not to sexualize but definitely the body. I know everyone would have thought about it atleast once. But it’s also a good way to experience the opposite genders lifestyle, thoughts etc and would be prettly enthralling.
I don’t have a pet, but if I did it would say that I would be neglecting her with my busy as a student, atleast for a couple months.
Obviously to invest that money into something like the stocks, that’s a no brainer. I don’t want to spend that in a day, not in like 10 years. There are always wants, but only a few needs. 
An anime called the one-piece. What starts and seems as a funny story, takes the form of great story-telling and you can experience any emotion watching it. You will want to become a pirate yourself, and join Luffy on adventures. And btw it revolves around the pirates vs marine and to find the one-piece.
Mostly my favourite channels include science and technology, which i can’t put it into words. I am subscribed to more than 600 channels and MOST of them are related to either some kind of science (math, physics, chem etc..) or technology (being a programmer myself)
Just connected for long distance friends and family. And more isolated for people around us. Keeping the phone to yourself and looking at it when having conversations, it’s growing more.
Yes absolutely, atleast for until some kind of higher education. As it is the basic necessity that teaches children and makes good individuals in any society.
Remote-work is ideal for me atleast. As it kind of provides us with more time spending with family as well as work, instead of wasting that precious time travelling. This also reduces fuel/energy.
Yes, definitely. Although free speech is kinda important, it must also me noted that information or mis-information spreads fast on the internet/ social media. So it must be regulated.
A mix of both. Or I should say an introvert turing into an extrovert.
Definitely the Niagara Falls. I don’t like travelling much. Especially if it’s a short trip and you are coming back home as soon as possible. Take some time to get lost in the journey.
Going to the gym. It still is not a hobby for me. I rarely work out. But I try to be active playing sports like volleyball, badminton. Used to play football, but not now.
Watching movies. I love the video formats, especially, if you are commuting and don’t have time to pick u a book. But i used be a bookworm myself previously.
I like scifi - open world - animated - puzzle games. Genshin Impact is an example. I also play short 3-5 minute match games like Brawl Stars.
I liked the movie ‘Ready Player One’ a lot. Especially it came out when I was learning a lot about scifi-movie making and Steven Spielberg’s movies. It also depicts the future that one may live in, which seemed so accurate for me.
Instagram currently. And then X (or twitter). I use ig to connect  and follow their feed to get updated on their daily lives. Especially if don’t have time to interact with them on a regular basis. 
I am confident while playing chess. Even if i am at  a lower level compared to the opponent, I believe that I am making the best move. You may see your mistakes after u finish the game. But always confident while playing.
Setting the ground for volleyball and football courts, occupying them throughout and not let other play in them. Those are some beautiful memories for me.
Always the last bench talks, and angry teachers throwing dusters at us. 
A building that I used to work, it’s practically a maze with rooms so close, and not so straight corridors, one way elevators. I had to pull up the floor map on my phone, and give them clear instructions.  And hope they don’t mess up and come back.
My old laptop, lol. I used to own a second hand laptop, which was more than 7 years old and used when I got my hands on it. The harddrive came apart inside the laptop casing and used to make beep sounds. I googled and understood what those f**king beeps meant. And pried apart the laptop for the first time in my life and fixed. Ooh, it was a hassle.
I could say right now, so focused on the task at hand writing answers to the questions in this shared google document. I can literally feel my senses lifted up and the elevated. I can feel when i am really focused. When i look at something down beside my chair, i can see everything so distant and far. Like i am on cloud9.
Apart from the close cubicles and the annoying teammates who takes breaks like every 5 minutes, I can handle anything. Everything is ideal for me.
3 players taking rest after playing a few games of badminton. With songs blaring from the speakers on the phones. A good rest.
mininlmal room aesthetic with no distractions. I like small rooms with everything packed in it rather than large rooms with a lot of empty space, especially if I am the only one living.
home. with all my life lived there.  I always feel comfortable whenever I go home.
Lot of chocolate flavored drinks. Both hot and cold. For cheaper price and a ton of flavors. Be quiet , even if it's busy.
a market buzzing with vehicle and people's noises. Shops all over the street on both sides. Owners screaming at you, for deals, even if you don't want to buy anything what they are selling. 
Cook something nice, gather with family, eat together watching something good on the TV. Have some friends over to play over a leisure weekend.
There a lot of indoor playgrounds, with advanced material building. It can easily be converted into an open playground if needed. A lot of light and good ventilation with air and less noise from all th crowd. That would be ideal.
If i happen to take a stroll on a bust roads footpath, definitely the cars blaring. I would keep my earphones on in such case. If walking in a peaceful place, the birds cooing, while the sun sets. Children playing in their yards. 
Making a good egg curry with a lot of flavours is my goto meal. As this would be realy easy to make and hardly takes up your energy.
Fried asian food is definitely my favourite food. Even though i am not specifying any particular food, any fried food with a cool drink is my goto. 
South Indian style - chicken curry was my last real good meal that my mom made. She was trying out a new recipe. She combined it with her style of cooking and that really turned out well,
Definitely a chicken biriyani, and some starters to go with. Then depending on the no. of people,individually we can order the food items as everyone will be having their favourites.
It’s not a random item. But got introduced to me in random. A small perfume, specifically the smaller test capsules, I always carry one in my bag. This way you won’t smell funny if you leave the house in a hurry.
All the sitcoms are always fun to watch over and over again. I like sitcoms like the BBT (The Big Bang Theory). Always fun to see your favourite characters. 
Like half an hour ago. I play only one mobile game. Brawl Stars which was made by SuperCell. I have been playing this game for almost 4 years. Been on this game ON and OFF, but still play to this day.
Not Like Us, by Kendrick Lamar. I am playing on repeat and also have been hearing others playing this on repeat. I don’t know why, but it is just stuck in my head for now.
I really don’t listen to songs in the shower, as it is usually the time that I charge my phone, after heavy use. But in the car, soothing songs to keep you company, even for a short trip keeps you sane with all the activities that you witness. 
Decentraizing the knowledge base and open source techniques that everyone can contribute to and improve upon, it is really a great way to share the knowledge. Even if you fellow colleagues or teachers know the correct answer, it is with our reach with just a google search. 
Reflect on your ideas by journaling your ideas and thoughts ia a good way to end a day. It gives one, the self-reflection on what went wrong that day, and gives a chance to correct it next time. This accumulation of experience really shapes up a person and improves personal growth.
Not particularly a downside if are up for a challenge and get used to it. But a downside would be halting all work if something urgent is happening and u want to attend to that urgent matter. In this case, on needs to abandon all the multitasking work that the person is doing and needs to pick up where they left off, at that exact point when they return. This is kind of hard.