I generally make my breakfast pretty quick unless I have anything special in my mind on that day, especially weekends. I would opt for Oats, or anything quick like upma. For Oats, I would soak oats with milk, yogurt, honey and add chocolate powder to add some flavour, overnight. 
I generally wake up at around 8, have my routine and breakfast done by around 10 am and then go through my mails for around 10 mins and answer them. Later I would either study or apply for jobs till 2pm. Then I would prepare my lunch and enjoy it with a movie and have a good nap till 4pm. Then I would either attend my classes or complete my academics or part-time work till  8pm. And later will end my day with a movie or anime.
I like to keep myself calm before big events or a meeting. I pray to god before any such event and take a 10 mins break before the meet.
I will first check if it IOS or Android, then will turn it on, add necessary details, then add a sim card and configure it. Will restore or backup data from the cloud. Will then look into any other settings if they want like wallpaper or ringtone.
Ahh… First, I will try not to be late. If by any cause or any last minute rush happens, I will first inform the related parties whom I am supposed to meet first, and will try to take the best possible means of transport available to cope up.
I try to keep my place organized, but eventually I end up messing it up. I separate my books and electronics into categories and pile them up. I do have a big table with a monitor and all the stuff. But It is a bit hectic to keep it organized all day and week.
Hmm… It's a big task actually. First I will figure out who all are gonna accompany me. Then I will try to convince them. Later will collectively figure out a place. Then all the nearby tourist attractions and adventure parks or places. Then figure out means of transport and the stay which are affordable.
I would go over blogs, LinkedIn posts, and open source communities and then whatever interests me, I will look for open resources over youtube, if I find a better version over educational platforms like Udemy, I would opt for them.
First I will get him his lease keys and get all the official process. Then I will drive him to some good place to first eat, then I will take him to a nearby Walmart or costco, to set him up with all necessary groceries and household items. Then I will assist him in cleaning the entire house and the purchased items.
Ah.. there is no such pretty idea or plan for what to wear each day. I would go with the flow and instincts. If I am at home, I would prefer a regular t-shirt with a night pants. And If I have any plans to visit out, I would prefer jeans with a hoodie.
I would be really happy. I would enjoy this break, go for some sports, focus on myself, make myself more calm and peaceful. I will enjoy spending time with my parents or friends. Play cricket or volleyball may be.
I would laugh at myself first by reminding myself of a popular telugu movie. Then I would try to be calm, call the 911 or the concerned authorities. Will update them about the situation, listen to their suggestions. Keep myself hydrated and won’t panic.
I will visit may be the time when I was applying for grad program and stop myself. Just kidding. I will visit times when internet does not existed and the world is not so competitive and spend some peaceful time there.
It will be a 3bhk house with a pool and a garden with a nets to play cricket. Will have a light gradient paint and a marble floored ground. Not so big or not so small house with proper lighting and a good ambience inside with calm lighting.
Once while I was in my bachelors, I had an incident when I had to mentor or take care of new undergrads joining our institute. The institute is located in a village and people there tend to be a little old minded. I was at my desk with one of my friend at the railway station. Out of nowhere a couple appeared and started asking me details of a train. I said I am not a part of railway, I am a student and I had hard time explaining it to them.
I would prefer to swap with a scientist or a person at higher authority in ISRO or DRDO, and would look at their lifestyle and look at all the cool inventions they are part of and how they handle such important responsibilities with utmost care.
I prefer to sleep most of the time, or If I have access to books, I will get one related to tech and enjoy reading it. If I even have luxury of cooking, and play. I will get the necessary items and spend time trying out new items.
I would first notice the kind of issues faced by opposite gender. How their social media life or in general their opinions or ideas are considered. Are they being taken for granted.
I don’t have any pet right now. But if I had a pet, it would definitely have a good time teasing me or mocking me. I would share the same sense of sarcasm as me and will taunt. 
I will clear all my existing balances. Will buy a nice house to live in and all the stuff I dreamt of. Will plan for a world tour. And if I am still left with any, I would invest in gold and assets which can give me enough returns to live rest of my life not solely depending only on salary.
I last binge watched Stranger things. It had a pretty good gripping story line with interesting character development and an entertaining plot. Each character had their own story and never deviated from the main plot of the story keeping it engaged.
I generally consume music and short films on youtube. I use it mostly for entertainment purposes and then for education purposes. I go through playlists or quick videos which can visually explain to me what I am supposed to learn.
Hmm… it is a bit of a controversial question. I would say both, I stay away from my family and technology is the only thing that can keep me connected with my family. Whereas it can keep you busy with yourself in terms of entertainment and make you more isolated and alone.
Yes, I really feel that college education must be free. A lot of talent even though they are interested in study, could not afford it and they tend to stay back. If the education is made free, they could completely focus on study and learning rather than just clearing the education loans and just getting a job.
I prefer work from office rather than remote work, as it keeps personal life and place away from the professional life. If I work from my home, it rather becomes a boring place for me to live in to, the place I live in constantly reminds me of the work, which I don’t want. I want my place to be comfy and not related to my work. And I feel work from office gives more benefits and productivity and work life balance than work from home.
Yes, I feel there must be strict regulations on the misinformation, hate and abuse on social media. Social media is the biggest platform, majority of the population relies on for quick info, and it causes unnecessary panic in case of misinformation is spread just for the sake of likes and engagement.
I am an introvert. I would like to keep myself away from people and unnecessary attention. I enjoy my company and am happy with it.
Yes, I enjoy travelling a lot. Given a chance I would like to travel solo and travel often. If I had to pick one destination I would say Rameswaram, it is such a pleasant place and I still remember the scenes of me standing on the long bridge of rameshwaram which connect with the mainland of India.
I have always wanted to pick up a sport or swimming and continue it everyday. But often I could not get enough time or a company to get it. But will definitely will keep trying to make it a part of my life.
I prefer watching movies rather than reading books. Reading books make me sleepy and I cannot focus more than 20mins reading a book.
Yes, I play video games, but not now ofcourse. I enjoy playing survival, fight and story based games a lot. It gives me a flow to enjoy the game and feel immersed in the game.
My all time favourite movie is a telugu movie called Tholiprema, which covers the beautiful journey of a couple over various stages of life. The music and the lead actors performances are top notch and always leaves me with a smile and light heart after watching it.
I mostly use Instagram, I follow mostly memes and active news. It kind of acts as relief most of the time, but there are instances where it gets addicted and countless hours are lost in it.
I felt most confident when I won a hackathon in our university. It was a pure hardwork and strategy which worked out wonders.
I remember playing hand cricket and waiting the entire week for a 45 min games period. An entire week planning used to take place for our cricket match finally to be cancelled by the Maths teacher.
I once asked my friend to make a prank call to another friend and play with him. He in return called me for an advice how to handle the situation. This still leaves me with laugh when ever I remember it.
Once I was travelling alone for a movie, and I had an old couple asking me for directions to the same movie, so I gave directions to them initially but after understanding that its difficult for them to navigate, I gave lift to them 
I once broke my sister’s doll. So she was silent and could not get over it, so I tried to fix it and it took me 2 hrs to completely fix it.
While participating in a recent hackathon, I was completely focussed on the task. It was a 40hr sprint, so consistency and focus played a prominent role. 
I would describe my ideal workplace to be genuine, with trustworthy people and at the same time competent enough to keep me on my feet and upskilling.
I am currently in my home, and it is completely mess. I need to sort this out. A lot of empty bottles of water are laying around. 
A room filled with pleasant fragrance and enough space for ventilation and sunlight. And filled with pleasant lighting and a big wall full of my achievements and memories.
I feel so comfortable in my home. I feel relaxed the most when I am around my family and my home.
I prefer a silent cafe with pleasant music and pleasant colours. And away from the busy roads and traffic. Maybe in an open environment and a good view.
I still remember walking through the streets of Dubai, when i took a stroll around various shouks, I was full of people from various countries, people were trying out different things, gold, perfumes, spices and cloths. It was such a treat to watch all these people admiring something which is not a part of their culture.
A early wakeup with a perfect breakfast, and a good shower and a perfect cooking of chicken biryani and enjoying with my family. Later having an hour of sleep and later playing games with my family and later probably a nice walk around the house. And a good movie with popcorn or snacks. And ending day with a good meal and a nice talk.
I would design a cricket net with an automatic bowling machine and wickets. I would also set up a volleyball court not so big but good enough for at least 4 people.
I see many people starting their day with a pleasant walk, a nice chat with their friends, and then people leaving to their daily works, I hear pleasant sounds of birds starting our day, and quite sounds of leaves. I feel very relaxed and calm in such environments.
Chicken. My any time go to comfort meal is chicken. Whenever I feel any kind of emotion especially discomfort or rage, I would prepare a nice meal of chicken biryani and I would enjoy it alone. 
I love food at Varalakshmi tiffins in Hyderabad. I would say it is probably the best food I ever had till now, I love their dosas.
Back in India, I really enjoyed having meals cooked by my mother, and apart from that I really enjoyed food at Hyderabad. The cooking process and the amount of efforts put in is what makes it so special.
Anytime my order starts with Chicken Biryani. It is one of the food that I love the most. So undoubtedly it is my usual order.
I always carry a small medical box with basic medicines in it. I don’t know why but I always feel it is necessary.
Naruto, It is one show which changed my perception a lot and I can say it a good anime which can cause you all kinds of emotions. If given a chance I could forget everything about it and start all over again.
I last played mobile game, yesterday. I play shadow fight 4, and it is a fight based game. I won every match with not a single strike on me. I was not feeling good, so I started game yesterday and probably vented all my anger over there. Hehe :)
I cannot say a single song, I have selective songs and I almost always play them in loop mode. So not a particular song. But I may say that i listen to Anirudh songs a lot.
It depends on the mood I want to be in. I want them to be energetic when I need some really good motivation or want to be enthusiastic on that day, and pleasant songs if I am in a bad mood.
It has changed a lot. Everyone has access to various platforms and can access the best content over the internet. But at the same time there is a chance that few can spread misinformation over this online systems and may cause a sense of confusion for students which one to follow on.
I personally feel it helps a lot, it keeps our thoughts gathered at a place and gives a chance to look back upon and understand ourselves better and make better decisions.
Multi tasking may sometimes overwhelm us. It causes anxiety and fear of missing out something and we fail to keep track on how good are we at each task. In the pursuit of mastering multiple things, we loose the core essence of mastering a single talent.